Oops you
You don't care about me
Capital injection from Shure Group
It was a cover from the start
Just to lure you into the bait
How about mortgaging all your net worth?
Are you used to the feeling of having nothing?
I am the president of Lin's Group
That's not possible.
Chen Shixian, I trust you so much
But what about you?
You secretly transferred all my assets
Including the villa my father left me
You are simply inferior to an animal
Didn't you say you'll love me forever?
This is the love you keep talking about
Chen Shixian, you interpreted our 6-year relationship
You read my love for you
You don't deserve to mention the word love at all
Chen Shixian, you hurt your sister
Hurt love you
You just wait to go to hell
By the way, Mr. Chen
Speaking of love
I saw him just now
Where?